>> Kyle Simpson: Yes?
>> Student: So in this example,
you have two images.
Can you cache all images in a folder,
or do you have to specify?
>> Kyle Simpson: The way we're gonna
do this, you need actual URLs here.
You, of course, since this is programming
code, can do whatever you want.
So for example, if you had a API
that you could hit on your server,
and it would tell you all of the photos in
the pics thing from Facebook, or whatever.
And then you knew all of those IDs,
and actually, later in our exercise,
we're gonna do that.
We're not gonna hard code
our post IDs in here,
we're gonna call an API
to get our post ID.
And then we're gonna generate our
URLs from that list of post IDs.
So if you had an API for all those
resources in your photos directory, for
example, you could.
But the service worker needs
to know what to request.
I can't really request the server
to just give it whatever it wants.
It has to say, I want this.
And part of the reason for
that is that we need some unique URL
to store it as the key in the cache.
So each resource that we're sticking
into a cache needs to have a URL
that we've requested, so
we have to know that URL.
We can either hard code it, or
we can programmatically generate it, or
we can get that data from the server,
or any mixture thereof.
>> Kyle Simpson: What's that?
>> Student2: Line 15,
you're missing a comma.
>> Student: Line 15,
>> Kyle Simpson: Thank you.
>> Student3: So if you've got the dot
extensions on the CSS and JS,
etc, but not on the HTML-
>> Kyle Simpson: Because our server
is doing friendly URL rewriting for
our pages.
The server has this logic built in that
if you ask for /offline, it goes and
gets offline.html.
If you ask for /contact,
it actually loads up contact.html.
So I did that URL routing on
the server for friendly URLs.
But it doesn't do URL rewriting for our
static assets, like CSS and JavaScript.
>> Kyle Simpson: So in other words,
the URLs that you list here are the URLs
as they would be loaded from the client,
to the server, whatever that is.
If your URLs have HTML on the end of them,
then you need to put an HTML here.
It's not gonna do any magic
of figuring that out,
that's just that the server
doesn't expect .html.
>> Kyle Simpson: Remember, here in our
page, when we've been clicking around, and
it just says /contact on the end,
it doesn't say contact.html.
That's not accidental, that's URL routing
logic that I have built into the server.